I found the article on grades to not match up with my personal experience. Personally, I love to learn and write about various topics. On the other hand, I also like to be assessed on those topics to be tested so that what I know or don't know may be revealed. Then having a number attached can be used to help judge which topics I have a strong or weak understanding of that may be different than I thought without the test. Having a lack of grades can make it difficult for me to assess my progress and force me to waste time by being insecure about topics that I have a good grasp on. Of course, numbers without a comment provide a lack of depth. There are a few things that are difficult to express in numbers. But overall, comments without a number attached are easy to overlook and difficult to process. 

One class where I got a grade that I felt I did not deserve was in Linear Algebra II. In that class, I was ill prepared for the first exam and got a very poor grade. There were three exams scheduled throughout the semester which combined for 40% of the grade according to the syllabus. However, this class was taken in Winter 2020, in other words the semester that Covid hit the United States. For that reason, both of the other two exams ended up being cancelled. When progress reports were sent out, I noticed that the exam at that point counted toward 40% of my grade and asked that when final grades were assigned the weight would be reduced to have the same proportion of my grade compared to the rest of my assignments that it would originally have. I believe that was in the 15-20% range after increasing the weight of all assignments proportionally. However, when I saw my grade at the end of the semester, it was significantly higher than I had hoped for or thought possible. I emailed my professor to ask how i got such a high grade and he said that given his previous experience with me and current difficult circumstances he believed that exam was an aberration and threw out the grade entirely. I did not believe he should have done that especially since that exam was early in the semester and there were no excuses like Covid. I had simply failed to study well for an important exam and believe I should have gotten a grade which reflected that.

I have learned that many people disagree with me on grades and that is okay. I have no opposition to grade free schooling being offered as an option and potentially a very good one. What I do not wish to see happen is for grade free classes to be sprung on students or mandated. I would like classes and schools to be open and transparent about their use of grades so that parents and students can decide what is best for them. I personally have benefitted from gradess along with comments being used to give direction. It seems apparent that many people do not learn as well that way. So giving people both options is probably the best course of action to promote learning for all people not just some or those who are typical.
